# Option Pricing App

This application is designed for performing Monte Carlo simulations for option pricing. Users can input parameters such as initial asset price, strike price, time to maturity, risk-free interest rate, and volatility. Based on these inputs, the application generates simulated price paths for the underlying asset, calculates option payoffs, and visualizes results through graphs. Additionally, users have the capability to export simulation reports as PDF files.

## Features

- **Monte Carlo Simulation**: Generate multiple scenarios for the price of the underlying asset.
- **Option Pricing**: Calculate call and put option prices using simulated data.
- **Graphical Visualization**: Display price paths, payoff distributions, and option Greeks (delta, gamma, vega, theta, rho) through interactive graphs.
- **PDF Report Generation**: Export simulation results including summary statistics and graphs as a PDF report.

## Project Structure

The project directory structure is as follows:

- option_pricing_app/
  - app.py
  - modules/
    - calculations.py
    - __init__.py
    - plots.py
    - __pycache__/
    - simulations.py
  - rapport_simulation.pdf
  - README.md
  - tests/
    - __init__.py
    - __pycache__/
    - test_calculations.py
    - test_plots.py
    - test_simulations.py



- **app.py**: Main application file implementing the Dash interface, callbacks, and PDF report generation.
- **modules/**: Directory containing modules for option pricing calculations (`calculations.py`), plotting (`plots.py`), and simulations (`simulations.py`).
- **rapport_simulation.pdf**: Sample PDF report generated by the application.
- **tests/**: Directory containing unit tests for modules (`test_calculations.py`, `test_plots.py`, `test_simulations.py`).

## Installation

### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone git@github.com:SebastienIbrahim/Options-Scenario-Generator.git
cd Options-Scenario-Generator
```

## Install Dependencies

Install required dependencies using pip:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

After cloning the repository and installing dependencies, you can run the application using the following command:

```bash
python app.py
```

## Testing

To run unit tests:

```bash
pytest option_pricing_app/tests -v
```
